INTRODUCTION

This system is a basic library database with a simple user interface to view and make changes to the data.
There are three account types, one for each of the three user types: borrower, clerk and librarian.  Each
user type has several transactions that can be performed by the user.


USER MANUAL
 
Please make sure that your SQLPlus session has dates in YYYY-MM-DD format before starting.  This can be done 
with the following command:  
								alter session set nls_date_format='YYYY-MM-DD'
 	
Borrower:
	1. Search for books
		Select a book field (title, author, or subject) to perform a keyword search on.
		Searches are case-sensitive.  Please capitalize the first letter of title and author keywords.
		Please do not capitalize subject keywords.
		Only one keyword may be searched at a time.
 		
	2. Check borrower account
		Enter your borrower id (the number on your library card) to view account details such as the items 
		you are currently borrowing, outstanding fines and hold requests you've placed.
		
	3. Place a hold request
		Enter the call number of the book that you wish to place a hold request for.
		When a copy of the book is returned to the library, you will be notified by email.
		A hold request cannot be placed on an item which has copies available in the library.
		
	4. Pay a fine
		Enter your borrower id to view your outstanding fines.
		Select the fine id of the fine you wish to pay.
		If you elect to pay for a fine, it must be paid in full.
		
		
Clerk:
	1. Add new borrower
		Enter values into all required borrower info fields.
		If the SIN or student number provided isn't already associated with a borrower account, a new 
		account is created and the borrower id is returned.
		
	2. Check out items
		Enter list of call numbers of items to be checked out.  Call numbers should be separated by commas.
		Enter the copy number of each of the items.
		The system prints the call number and copy number of each item, and the due date of the items.
		
	3. Process a return
		Enter the call number and copy number of the item that is being returned.
		The system checks the item in.
		If the item is overdue a fine is placed on the last borrower.
		If the book has a hold request the requester is notified via email.
		
	4. Check overdue items
		System displays a list of all overdue items and the borrowers who have checked them out.
		Email addresses of the borrowers are provided, you may elect to send a message to any one of them.
		

Librarian:
	1. Add new book
		Select whether a new book or a new book copy is to be added.
		Please select the new book option if a copy of the book doesn't already exist in the library.
		Otherwise please select the new copy option.
		Enter values into all required book info fields.
		
	2. Checked out books report
		The system outputs a list of all checked out items and flags overdue items with a *.
		If a subject is provided, the report only lists books related to that subject.
		
	3. Most popular items report
		Enter the year that you wish to generate a report for, and the number n most popular items you wish
		to report.  The system outputs a list of items from most popular to least popular (top to bottom).
		If the number of items borrowed in a year is less than the n specified, the system generates a report
		on all of the items borrowed that year.
		